---
layout: post
title:  "Assignment 02: 3D print"
---
When we got this assignment i thought that i wanted to make something that I am going to use. I decided I would make a laptop stand that would be easy to take part to take it with me. I started searching the net to find inspiration of how i would like it to be. I found a stand for sale online that I used for inspiration off how i would like to make my stand look like.



My initall idea was to make it quite similiar to this stand. After speaking to Frikk we spoke about the idea if it wouldn't be a better idea to make it with out the big plate on top. Making it therfore a bit different from the inspiration. My first sketch look like this. I knew i would have to have a bottom part, one piece to increase the height. And something to hold the laptop in place. 



This photo shows my first prototype. I knew i needit some way to hold the angle but i was uncertain how i wanted to do that and therfore did not sketch it at first.


My first sketch was drawn in fusion. Made 4 different parts the bottom, the height, a sylinder to connect them and a support beam to hold the distance between the 2 parts. 

After i had printed all of it out and added it together i notice my first mistake. The spot the laptop needs to stand was to close to the bottom part and therfore the laptop can't stand on it. I knew i needit to change that part. 

To make the stand be able to stand by itselt I knew I would make a new part to hold it up. I decided to make a part that look like a "Y" that would hold it up. I drew it in fusion and printed it out. 
